README.md, before:



----------
# 🏥 Health Sync: AI-Powered Healthcare Platform

_A unified, secure, and intelligent healthcare ecosystem built on trust and data-driven insights._

----------

## ✨ Key Features

Our platform integrates cutting-edge technology to address core challenges in modern healthcare.

-   ### 🗂️ Unified Medical Records

    Consolidates all your diagnostic reports, prescriptions, and medical history into a single, easily accessible digital file. No more scattered papers or lost reports.

-   ### 🔗 DB-Level Blockchain-Based Authentication

    We ensure the **absolute integrity and immutability** of every health record with a unique blockchain-integrated database system.

    1.  **Hash:** Every database action (insert, update, delete) generates a unique cryptographic hash.

    2.  **Verify:** The hash is recorded and verified on a private blockchain ledger _before_ any change is made permanent.

    3.  **Commit:** The database transaction is committed only after successful blockchain verification. This makes tampering with records virtually impossible.

-   ### 🤖 AI Health Assistant for Patients

    An intelligent chatbot that provides patients with instant guidance, answers health queries, and helps them navigate their medical journey with confidence.

-   ### 🩺 AI-Driven Clinical Insights for Doctors

    Our AI analyzes patient history and diagnostic reports to provide doctors with powerful insights for:

    -   **Preventive Care:** Identify potential health risks early.

    -   **Clinical Support:** Offer diagnostic suggestions and treatment options.

    -   **Personalized Recommendations:** Tailor healthcare plans to individual patient needs.


----------

## 🌟 Our Vision

> To build a **secure, transparent, and intelligent healthcare ecosystem** that empowers both patients and doctors with reliable data, fostering a new era of collaborative and preventive medicine.

----------

## 🚀 Access the Project

### 🌐 Live Deployment (Vercel)

-   **🖥️ Frontend (React.js):** [`https://webashlar-hackathon-fe.vercel.app`](https://webashlar-hackathon-fe.vercel.app/)

-   **⚙️ Backend (Node.js):** [`https://webashlar-hackathon-be.vercel.app/`](https://webashlar-hackathon-be.vercel.app/)


### 📂 Source Code (GitHub)

-   **Frontend Repository:** [`https://github.com/Dixitmalaviya/webashlar-hackathon-fe`](https://github.com/Dixitmalaviya/webashlar-hackathon-fe)

-   **Backend Repository:** [`https://github.com/Dixitmalaviya/webashlar-hackathon-be`](https://github.com/Dixitmalaviya/webashlar-hackathon-be)


----------

## 🛠️ Configuration & Local Setup

Follow these steps to get the project running on your local machine.

### 1️⃣ **Set up the Backend (Node.js)**

```
# Clone the repository
git clone https://github.com/Dixitmalaviya/webashlar-hackathon-be.git

# Navigate into the project directory
cd webashlar-hackathon-be

# Install dependencies
npm install

# Start the server
npm start

```

### 2️⃣ **Set up the Frontend (React.js)**

```
# Clone the repository
git clone https://github.com/Dixitmalaviya/webashlar-hackathon-fe.git

# Navigate into the project directory
cd webashlar-hackathon-fe

# Install dependencies
npm install

# Start the application
npm start

```

----------

## 🧑‍⚕️ Default Credentials  

Use the following test credentials to log in:  

### 🩺 Doctor Login  

- **Username:** `doctor@gmail.com`
- **Password:** `doctor@123`  


### 👤 Patient Login  
- **Username:** `patient@gmail.com`  
- **Password:** `patient@123`

### 🏥 Hospital Login 
- **Username:** `hospital@gmail.com`  
- **Password:** `hospital@123`

Commit message:

docs: Add demo video section to README for project walkthrough

README.md, after:



----------
# 🏥 Health Sync: AI-Powered Healthcare Platform

_A unified, secure, and intelligent healthcare ecosystem built on trust and data-driven insights._

----------

## ✨ Key Features

Our platform integrates cutting-edge technology to address core challenges in modern healthcare.

-   ### 🗂️ Unified Medical Records

    Consolidates all your diagnostic reports, prescriptions, and medical history into a single, easily accessible digital file. No more scattered papers or lost reports.

-   ### 🔗 DB-Level Blockchain-Based Authentication

    We ensure the **absolute integrity and immutability** of every health record with a unique blockchain-integrated database system.

    1.  **Hash:** Every database action (insert, update, delete) generates a unique cryptographic hash.

    2.  **Verify:** The hash is recorded and verified on a private blockchain ledger _before_ any change is made permanent.

    3.  **Commit:** The database transaction is committed only after successful blockchain verification. This makes tampering with records virtually impossible.

-   ### 🤖 AI Health Assistant for Patients

    An intelligent chatbot that provides patients with instant guidance, answers health queries, and helps them navigate their medical journey with confidence.

-   ### 🩺 AI-Driven Clinical Insights for Doctors

    Our AI analyzes patient history and diagnostic reports to provide doctors with powerful insights for:

    -   **Preventive Care:** Identify potential health risks early.

    -   **Clinical Support:** Offer diagnostic suggestions and treatment options.

    -   **Personalized Recommendations:** Tailor healthcare plans to individual patient needs.


----------

## 🌟 Our Vision

> To build a **secure, transparent, and intelligent healthcare ecosystem** that empowers both patients and doctors with reliable data, fostering a new era of collaborative and preventive medicine.

----------

## 🚀 Access the Project

### 🌐 Live Deployment (Vercel)

-   **🖥️ Frontend (React.js):** [`https://webashlar-hackathon-fe.vercel.app`](https://webashlar-hackathon-fe.vercel.app/)

-   **⚙️ Backend (Node.js):** [`https://webashlar-hackathon-be.vercel.app/`](https://webashlar-hackathon-be.vercel.app/)


### 📂 Source Code (GitHub)

-   **Frontend Repository:** [`https://github.com/Dixitmalaviya/webashlar-hackathon-fe`](https://github.com/Dixitmalaviya/webashlar-hackathon-fe)

-   **Backend Repository:** [`https://github.com/Dixitmalaviya/webashlar-hackathon-be`](https://github.com/Dixitmalaviya/webashlar-hackathon-be)


### 🎥 Health Sync Demo Videos

You can explore the project walkthrough and demo videos here:

👉 [Watch Project Videos (SharePoint)](https://webashlarr-my.sharepoint.com/:f:/g/personal/harsh_modi_webashlar_com/EnMp_T0o6fxHllypEDkYZkkBuSL5EcZpuzD6T0SOGKBX3g?e=1S0Ndf)

----------

## 🛠️ Configuration & Local Setup

Follow these steps to get the project running on your local machine.

### 1️⃣ **Set up the Backend (Node.js)**

```
# Clone the repository
git clone https://github.com/Dixitmalaviya/webashlar-hackathon-be.git

# Navigate into the project directory
cd webashlar-hackathon-be

# Install dependencies
npm install

# Start the server
npm start

```

### 2️⃣ **Set up the Frontend (React.js)**

```
# Clone the repository
git clone https://github.com/Dixitmalaviya/webashlar-hackathon-fe.git

# Navigate into the project directory
cd webashlar-hackathon-fe

# Install dependencies
npm install

# Start the application
npm start

```

----------

## 🧑‍⚕️ Default Credentials  

Use the following test credentials to log in:  

### 🩺 Doctor Login  

- **Username:** `doctor@gmail.com`
- **Password:** `doctor@123`  


### 👤 Patient Login  
- **Username:** `patient@gmail.com`  
- **Password:** `patient@123`

### 🏥 Hospital Login 
- **Username:** `hospital@gmail.com`  
- **Password:** `hospital@123`
